Huckaback everybody in the last video we ended up finishing the modeling aspect of this particular project
we ended up with a model that gave us a 76 to 70 percent accuracy in our predictions.
So we can actually utilize these to bring a lot of value to our company.
Our efforts are skewness a model that we grow every user as highly likely or unlikely scrap based on
those products we get for Timbaland the results by running our model on daily installs and see whether
the accuracy is consistent or not.
From there we can narrow our marketing efforts only to those users.
Let's try it.
Increase or subscription ring decrease in Lobello subscriptions can measure the benefit of this of the
company record and those are really likely to strike.
We'll do so.
And although we can still target them with offers we don't have to go up on the other hand uses correlated
to the make break to pay subscribers if we give them enough for the fuse for example offers can come
in the form of the first three or 50 percent of the crush.
This offers show that even though this great offers cost us some money he can overall benefit the company
because he will be locking in our users for a long from the first month free will lock our users for
a first month which is now much better 50 percent of your description will for sure love any user for
at least the year.
So the benefit to us is still there is just some of the benefits that you get from running your model
and I'm pretty sure you can find many more that on the industry or the company your work I'm very happy
we were able to work with this project and get so much results that will make any company happy to have
us more.
Thank you very much for watching all of these videos and I hope to see you in the coming years for the
new coming profits.
Have a great day everybody.
The.